So now, what we're gonna do is
we're gonna talk about modules.
So what are modules?
Anybody wanna tell me what are modules and
their definition?
I can't call you again, Scott Fox.
I gotta save it, David.
>> It's a package bit of JavaScript
that executes on its own.
Well, not necessarily on it's own but
a package of JavaScript
>> It's a package of JavaScript,
that is right, anybody else?
Andy, what do you think?
I do like you think at heart.
More like you know what the module is but
you just don't want to
give them my answers.
What do you think, Seth?
>> I go up in a limb and say, encapsulated
code because that's utility R was.
>> Yeah, [LAUGH] That is exactly right,
it's encapsulated code or
package JavaScript.
You can think of it like it's safe,
it's safe from all the other code
that's trying to mess with it, right?
Is its own thing and
you have to explicitly ask for it.
And what you get back is only what
it said, you can get back, right?
It's very stingy with its code,
it's very stingy with itself,
like here is everything about me, but
I'm only gonna let you know about this.
And this is how you interact with me,
that's a module, and
you can't affect it anyway else.
This is why you should
use globals because,
if your module is using a global and
you have another module using a global.
And they both use the same property, now,
you just news messed everything up, right?
You had this one global
that you changed and now,
it affected that all this
other code at another module.
And now, you don't really
have modules anymore, right?
You have all these side effects, so yeah,
modules is like encapsulated code and
you might have written modules
already in JavaScript.
And you probably didn't even know it,
that's because they
kind of look like this.
So basically, each one of these
functions here is two different files.
You have module one and
it's basically just like an IIFE, right?
So you have a function that's encapsulated
and then, something, somewhere,
some magical thing is gonna
inject in all these globals.
Here's all these globals.
Here you go, you can have those.
And then, all the code that you
write is just gonna be here.
That's it, right?
And then, you might have another
module that looks exactly the same.
It's gonna have some function and it's
gonna be like some global setter injected
into it and
then all the code that you write is here.
And if you wanna use another module,
you would have to ask for it.
And then, this runtime, this environment
would go find the module that
you're asking for
by name and give it to you.
And then, only give to you what
the module that you're asking for
has allowed you to have and
have to export those certain things.
So basically,
module isn't encapsulated code.
So by putting parentheses around this and
they're invoking it later,
this is encapsulated, nothing can touch
it and you probably do this a lot.
People did this a lot in like 2012,
2011, right?
They just put everything in iffy,
so it's like encapsulated.
If you've ever written like Anger one
back in the day, this is what you did.
If you've ever written
Backbone this is what you did,
like to encapsulate all your code.
This is why they did it, they were like,
everything's on a window, it's gross,
we need like modules.
So we're gonna like wrap
everything in a IIFE,
which stands for
Immediately-Invoked Function.
Yeah, so it's like you basically create
a function and you encapsulate with this
parenthesis and you invoke it immediately,
so it's safe from everything.
So that's what people did and
some people literally have built to as
it would go wrap every file in IIFE.
Cuz it was such a big deal and
because it was such a big deal,
what's' a lot of people decided
to do is like module systems.
So that's where CommonJS was born,
that's where AMD was born.
And now, we have ES6 Modules.
So these are all different module
systems that solve the problem with
people having to do this.
Which just looks gross, so
I was like we're just gonna make
a module of system that loads
things up asynchronously or
synchronously in the browser and do it
that way, that way you can just do it.
And they are pretty legit but they don't
work quite as well as they do a node.
So that's basically what a module is.
Any questions on modules, yes?
>> So I suppose that the globals
are available everywhere in node JS,
then why did you have to pause them?
>> You don't.
You don't, okay, yeah, I'm sorry.
This is an example of you more to
like some type of module thing or so.
You won't have to do this.
Let me show you.
Check this out.
Let me see,
let me throw an error somewhere.
So if I go back into my code and
I just say,
throw new Error ('opps), right?
And I run this, wrong command.
There we go.
Node code literally won't let it.
You see this right here,
I didn't write that, how did I get there?
Node code put it out there for me.
It did what I said most people would do.
They'll create a bill tool and
wrap their code in this IIFE,
node just did that for you.
That its job.
Its job is to take every
file that you write,
wrap it into something like this and
then, boom you get all these globals.
There's exports, there's required,
there's module file name, dirname.
You get all these stuff.
That's how your code is able to use those
globals because that's what Node does.
Yes, Taylor?
>> Why are these five globals present
in as parameters of the IIFE whereas,
there's 20 globals that I'm
seeing on the documentation?
>> Yeah, so what's actually happening
is they have the global global, right?
Remember, the global
global I talked about.
So the ones that you don't see
are attached to the global global and
that's because those.
>> You set timeout or whatever?
>> Right, set time out.
Those are attached to the global global,
and
that's fine because there is
only one instance of those.
The ones that are here,
these are this way because there's a new
instance of them every time, right?
They're a different value, so
they have to inject them in every
single time according to your file.
For instance, dirname is different
depending on what directory you're in.
Filename is different depending
on what file you're in.
Modules different,
requires different, exports.
All of these things are different
depending on what file you're in.
So they have to inject
those every single time.
Whereas, all the other one never changed.
So this attached on the global and
then you have them.
Does that make sense?
>> Cool.
Cool and then that's pretty cool,
I mean that literally shows you.
I mean that's legit,
it didn't used to be that way,
I mean they hooked this thing up.
[LAUGH] It's really good.
But yeah, you won't need to write that,
that's free.
So if you ever see someone writing code
and node and then they are doing this.
Just don't approve their PR,
like add a message and be like no,
like no one does already,
like no what are you doing?
You only need to make
another module in a module.
You don't need to, it's free.
Any questions on that?
No, okay, modules in Node, like I said.
Tdlr, CommonJS.
You can look up CommonJS.
It's CommonJS 2.0 at this point.
But you don't really need to.
It's pretty simple,
I'm gonna talk about it.
It's super simple,
you don't really need to look it up.
But if you wanna be an expert on CommonJS,
go look it up but
honestly you shouldn't because Nodes
gonna move over ES6 module anyway.
And were already doing it,
is just super pain to do it right now, but
we'll talk about it.
So like said NodeJS uses commonjS for
its module system.
And again, its module system is required
there is no other way to use another file
and another file without modules and
Nodejs.
There's no script tags, there's no DOMs,
so you have this module series
absolutely no other way.
It's the only way to share a code.
And like I said, there are other
modules out there like ESM which is
ecmascript modules, and
that's the new standard.
The browsers that are using modules
today use ecmascript modules.
Actually, I use ecmascript
modules in node but
I have to use what's called a transpiler.
To transpile them down to something
that node can understand.
So I use something like Babel or Webpack
to take code that isn't available yet
in node and that tool will
make it work in node, right?
It's compiling a coffee scripts like
you've got this thing that the browser
doesn't understand, so
you have to build it to something
the browser can understand.
So I use a transpiler for that.
So Babel, Typescript is a really
other good subset if you want typing.
There's a lot of them out there.
But I would use something like that, so
that way I could use ES6 modules today
without having to wait for the node or
to figure out this mess with commonJs and
the ES6 modules.
Cuz it is a mess and
I'm just not gonna wait for it.
So ESM, ecmascript modules is one.
AMD, I shouldn't even put this here,
cuz I don't want anybody looking this up.
But there's also another one, [LAUGH] but
please, do not ever use AMD, okay?
AMD is kind of confusing,
because the naming is like AMD,
Asynchronous Module Definition,
I think is what it stands for.
But they use one of the frameworks that
were built on top of AMD it's called
RequireJS.
So a lot of people get
confused with RequireJS and
CommonJS because CommonJS
uses a require function.
So when people hear RequireJS, they think,
that's Node, like no it's not,
node uses a function called Require,
but that's CommonJS.
RequireJS is something completely
different than CommonJs, and
I highly not recommend using,
it's dead technology.
If you wanna see what happened to
the web and how they got here,
you can go look that up but
don't ever use it, just stay away from it.
I think the only people I know that
actively goes out and uses AMD is Google.
But they do something really awesome
where they do like optimization,
very, very good optimization with AMD.
But it's a built tool they don't hand
write it, it's like some inline thing,
very clever use of it, but you don't ever
need to use AMD ever, just don't use it.
I remember using it back in like, 2013 or
14, it was the biggest pain in my life,
just so bad.
But whoever made it,
thank you for making it.
It was a great back then.
But now, yeah, don't do it.
[LAUGH] Others, there are others,
tons of different types of other module
things out there, they just don't matter.
You can just get lost on Google for
different types of module
loaders out there.
They literally do not matter.
Because if you introduce a module system
today in your app that pretty much isn't
ecmascript like, it's gonna die tomorrow.
Cuz it's a standard now.
Ecma-made modules are standard, so
people that don't use that standard, so
anything that's not that
is pretty much gonna die.
I mean, even commonJS is dying and
node is like, how do we fix this?
So just don't do anything else,
just use ecmascript.
If you don't want to use a transpiler,
just use Node and commonJs and
wait for the change, that's it,
do not do anything else.
Don't go try to make one,
just don't do it.
Just use what's there and be done with it.
You don't have to,
nobody wants to make a module system,
that's just not fun, trust me.